website/content/docs/configuration/ui.mdx, before:

---
layout: docs
page_title: ui Block - Agent Configuration
description: |-
  The "ui" block configures the Nomad agent's web UI.

---

# `ui` Block

<Placement groups={['ui']} />

The `ui` block configures the Nomad agent's [web UI].

```hcl
ui {
  enabled =  true

  content_security_policy {
    connect_src     = ["*"]
    default_src     = ["'none'"]
    form_action     = ["'none'"]
    frame_ancestors = ["'none'"]
    img_src         = ["'self'","data:"]
    script_src      = ["'self'"]
    style_src       = ["'self'","'unsafe-inline'"]
  }

  consul {
    ui_url = "https://consul.example.com:8501/ui"
  }

  vault {
    ui_url = "https://vault.example.com:8200/ui"
  }

  label {
    text             = "Staging Cluster"
    background_color = "yellow"
    text_color       = "#000000"
  }
}
```

A default `ui` block is automatically merged with all Nomad agent
configurations. Note that the UI can be served from any Nomad agent,
and the configuration is individual to each agent.
## `ui` Parameters
- `enabled` `(bool: true)` - Specifies whether the web UI is
  enabled. If disabled, the `/ui/` path will return an empty web page.

- `consul` <code>([Consul]: nil)</code> - Configures integrations
  between the Nomad web UI and the Consul web UI.

- `vault` <code>([Vault]: nil)</code> - Configures integrations
  between the Nomad web UI and the Vault web UI.

- `label` <code>([Label]: nil)</code> - Configures a user-defined
  label to display in the Nomad Web UI header.

## `content_security_policy` Parameters

The `content_security_policy` block configures the HTTP
[Content-Security-Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP)
header sent with the web UI response.

- `connect_src` `(array<string>: ["*"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `connect-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `default_src` `(array<string>: ["'none'"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `default-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `form_action` `(array<string>: ["'none'"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `form-action` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `frame_ancestors` `(array<string>: ["'none'"])` - Specifies the valid sources
  for `frame-ancestors` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `img_src` `(array<string>: ["'self'", "data:"])` - Specifies the valid sources
  for `img-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `script_src` `(array<string>: ["'self'"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `script-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `style_src` `(array<string>: ["'self'","'unsafe-inline'"])` - Specifies the
  valid sources for `style-src` in the Content Security Policy header.

## `consul` Parameters

- `ui_url` `(string: "")` - Specifies the full base URL to a Consul
  web UI (for example: `https://consul.example.com:8501/ui`. This URL
  is used to build links from the Nomad web UI to a Consul web
  UI. Note that this URL will not typically be the same one used for
  the agent's [`consul.address`]; the `consul.address` is the URL used
  by the Nomad to communicate with Consul, whereas the
  `ui.consul.ui_url` is the URL you'll visit in your browser. If
  this field is omitted, this integration will be disabled.

## `vault` Parameters

- `ui_url` `(string: "")` - Specifies the full base URL to a Vault
  web UI (for example: `https://vault.example.com:8200/ui`. This URL
  is used to build links from the Nomad web UI to a Vault web
  UI. Note that this URL will not typically be the same one used for
  the agent's [`vault.address`]; the `vault.address` is the URL used
  by the Nomad to communicate with Vault, whereas the
  `ui.vault.ui_url` is the URL you'll visit in your browser. If
  this field is omitted, this integration will be disabled.

## `label` Parameters

- `text` `(string: "")` - Specifies the text of the label that will be
  displayed in the header of the Web UI.
- `background_color` `(string: "")` - The background color of the label to
  be displayed. The Web UI will default to a black background. HEX values  
  may be used.
- `text_color` `(string: "")` - The text color of the label to be displayed.
  The Web UI will default to white text. HEX values may be used.



[web UI]: /nomad/tutorials/web-ui
[Consul]: /nomad/docs/configuration/ui#consul-parameters
[Vault]: /nomad/docs/configuration/ui#vault-parameters
[Label]: /nomad/docs/configuration/ui#label-parameters
[`consul.address`]: /nomad/docs/configuration/consul#address
[`vault.address`]: /nomad/docs/configuration/vault#address

Commit message:

agent config ui.cli_url_links to disable

website/content/docs/configuration/ui.mdx, after:

---
layout: docs
page_title: ui Block - Agent Configuration
description: |-
  The "ui" block configures the Nomad agent's web UI.

---

# `ui` Block

<Placement groups={['ui']} />

The `ui` block configures the Nomad agent's [web UI].

```hcl
ui {
  enabled =  true

  content_security_policy {
    connect_src     = ["*"]
    default_src     = ["'none'"]
    form_action     = ["'none'"]
    frame_ancestors = ["'none'"]
    img_src         = ["'self'","data:"]
    script_src      = ["'self'"]
    style_src       = ["'self'","'unsafe-inline'"]
  }

  consul {
    ui_url = "https://consul.example.com:8501/ui"
  }

  vault {
    ui_url = "https://vault.example.com:8200/ui"
  }

  label {
    text             = "Staging Cluster"
    background_color = "yellow"
    text_color       = "#000000"
  }
}
```

A default `ui` block is automatically merged with all Nomad agent
configurations. Note that the UI can be served from any Nomad agent,
and the configuration is individual to each agent.
## `ui` Parameters
- `enabled` `(bool: true)` - Specifies whether the web UI is
  enabled. If disabled, the `/ui/` path will return an empty web page.

- `consul` <code>([Consul]: nil)</code> - Configures integrations
  between the Nomad web UI and the Consul web UI.

- `vault` <code>([Vault]: nil)</code> - Configures integrations
  between the Nomad web UI and the Vault web UI.

- `label` <code>([Label]: nil)</code> - Configures a user-defined
  label to display in the Nomad Web UI header.

- `cli_url_links` `(bool: true)` - Controls whether CLI commands display hints
  about equivalent UI pages. For example, when running `nomad server members`,
  the CLI will show a message indicating where to find server information in
  the web UI. Set to `false` to disable these hints.

## `content_security_policy` Parameters

The `content_security_policy` block configures the HTTP
[Content-Security-Policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CSP)
header sent with the web UI response.

- `connect_src` `(array<string>: ["*"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `connect-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `default_src` `(array<string>: ["'none'"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `default-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `form_action` `(array<string>: ["'none'"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `form-action` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `frame_ancestors` `(array<string>: ["'none'"])` - Specifies the valid sources
  for `frame-ancestors` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `img_src` `(array<string>: ["'self'", "data:"])` - Specifies the valid sources
  for `img-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `script_src` `(array<string>: ["'self'"])` - Specifies the valid sources for
  `script-src` in the Content Security Policy header.
- `style_src` `(array<string>: ["'self'","'unsafe-inline'"])` - Specifies the
  valid sources for `style-src` in the Content Security Policy header.

## `consul` Parameters

- `ui_url` `(string: "")` - Specifies the full base URL to a Consul
  web UI (for example: `https://consul.example.com:8501/ui`. This URL
  is used to build links from the Nomad web UI to a Consul web
  UI. Note that this URL will not typically be the same one used for
  the agent's [`consul.address`]; the `consul.address` is the URL used
  by the Nomad to communicate with Consul, whereas the
  `ui.consul.ui_url` is the URL you'll visit in your browser. If
  this field is omitted, this integration will be disabled.

## `vault` Parameters

- `ui_url` `(string: "")` - Specifies the full base URL to a Vault
  web UI (for example: `https://vault.example.com:8200/ui`. This URL
  is used to build links from the Nomad web UI to a Vault web
  UI. Note that this URL will not typically be the same one used for
  the agent's [`vault.address`]; the `vault.address` is the URL used
  by the Nomad to communicate with Vault, whereas the
  `ui.vault.ui_url` is the URL you'll visit in your browser. If
  this field is omitted, this integration will be disabled.

## `label` Parameters

- `text` `(string: "")` - Specifies the text of the label that will be
  displayed in the header of the Web UI.
- `background_color` `(string: "")` - The background color of the label to
  be displayed. The Web UI will default to a black background. HEX values
  may be used.
- `text_color` `(string: "")` - The text color of the label to be displayed.
  The Web UI will default to white text. HEX values may be used.



[web UI]: /nomad/tutorials/web-ui
[Consul]: /nomad/docs/configuration/ui#consul-parameters
[Vault]: /nomad/docs/configuration/ui#vault-parameters
[Label]: /nomad/docs/configuration/ui#label-parameters
[`consul.address`]: /nomad/docs/configuration/consul#address
[`vault.address`]: /nomad/docs/configuration/vault#address
